kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
kernel reports: Channel is disabled
command failed: Invalid argument (-22)
